These csv files include information about the Markov Chain Monte Carlo chains
for initial calibrations of the Hector simple climate model as described in a recently
submitted journal article, Vega-Westhoff et al. (2019; doi: 10.1029/2018EF001082).
Code that created these MCMC chains is available on github:
http://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1472378.

Files:
T.csv - Chains for the calibration that includes 6 parameters from the 
        Hector energy balance component (3 of which are statistical). Uses global
	average temperature as an observational constraint.

TOHC.csv - Chains for the calibration that includes 9 parameters from the
           Hector energy balance component (6 of which are statistical). Uses global
           average temperature and ocean heat content as observational constraints.

TOHCGICGISAIS.csv - Chains for the calibration that includes 38 paramaters
                    from both the energy balance and sea-level Hector components. Uses
                    global average temperature, ocean heat content, glacier and ice cap
                    volume, Greenland ice sheet volume, and Antarctic ice sheet volume
                    observational constraints.

TTE.csv - Chains for a calibration that includes 7 parameters from the Hector
          model, (3 of which are statistical and one of which is from the sea-level 
          component). Uses global average temperature and thermosteric
          sea-level as observational constraints.

TTEGICGISAIS.csv - Chains for the calibration that includes 36 paramaters from both 
                   the energy balance and sea-level Hector components. Uses global 
                   average temperature, thermosteric sea-level, glacier and ice cap
                   volume, Greenland ice sheet volume, and Antarctic ice sheet volume
                   observational constraints.

dais_TOHCGICGISAIS.csv - Chains for the Antarctic ice sheet component, which is 
                         calibrated separately (using paleo data). Includes
                         corresponding indices in the TOHCGICGISAIS calibration.

dais_TTEGICGISAIS.csv - Chains for the Antarctic ice sheet component, which is 
                        calibrated separately (using paleo data). Includes
                        corresponding indices in the TTEGICGISAIS calibration.

Columns:
chain - which chain (we performed 4 parallel MCMC chains and just stack them here
converged - Have the chains converged at this point? Using Gelman-Rubin diagnostic.
            Note: didn't save the pre-converged data from the Antarctic ice sheet component
sample.rs - Was this one of the samples for the rejection sampling? In the calibration w/
            sea level, we sampled 200k post-converged parameter sets against global
            sea-level data.
idx.full  - Only in dais_*.csv; which index in the Hector calibration was this set
            of Antarctic ice sheet parameters randomly paired with for the rejection sampling?
survive.rs - Did this index survive the rejection sampling?
sample.prob - Did this index then get sampled for the probabilistic analysis?
The actual parameter sets follow. 
Parameters are described in the supplemental material to the paper.
